README.md, before:

# Sanber51-Mobile-Automation-Kelompok17
## QUIZ 4 - Mobile Application Testing <a href="#" style="text-decoration:none; outline:none;" title="Flight-Application">Flight Application (NG Digital)</a> Using Robot Framework
<img width="1431" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-01 at 14 38 06" src="https://github.com/AhmadIkhsanMaulana/Sanber51-Mobile-Automation-Kelompok17/assets/65138368/774c5ac7-afd3-45ba-b1be-697f2638542e">

## Nama Anggota Kelompok 17 & Pembagian Tugas <img src='https://media4.giphy.com/media/Z0teL2hgEqefXt5qpZ/giphy.gif?cid=6c09b952ahx6akir89f4j1nc7iu2lf9hscof6kxazb2zzax3&ep=v1_internal_gif_by_id&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s' width="30">
| Nama        | Fitur    |
|-----------------|---------------|
| Alif Andarta| Sign In:<br>Failed Login Using Blank Username and Valid Password <br>Failed Login Using Valid Username and Blank Password <br>Book: <br>Successful Book One Way Flight <br>Successful Book One Way And Hotel <br>Failed Book One Way Without Select Book Type |
| Ahmad Ikhsan Maulana| Book: <br>Failed to Book One Way Without Selecting Start Date and End Date <br>Failed to Book One Way Without Selecting Start Date <br>Failed to Book One Way Without Selecting End Date <br>Successful Book Round Trip Flight <br>Successful Book Round Trip Flight And Hotel |
| M. Yoga Sugama (michikhyo)| |
| Nufikha Rizki|  |
| Rizqi Kartika S| Sign In: <br>1. Successful Login Using a Valid Username and Password <br>2. Failed Login Using an Invalid Username and Password <br>3. Failed Login Using a Valid Username and Invalid Password <br>4. Failed Login Using an Invalid Username and Valid Password <br>5. Failed Login with Both Empty Username and Password 
<img src="https://www.animatedimages.org/data/media/562/animated-line-image-0184.gif" width="1920" />
<img width="1440" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-05 at 00 13 46" src="https://github.com/AhmadIkhsanMaulana/Sanber51-Mobile-Automation-Kelompok17/assets/65138368/cbe80c73-8357-4dd6-beaa-64ed9d91006d">
<img width="1431" alt="Screenshot Report SignIn" src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1Bx_p65AGGGwcIjn7qiuo_4NyK6eSIPng">

Commit message:

modified folder bookPageFlight (fixing error) with the suites/book.robot, Modified folder searchPageFlight with the suites/search.robot, modified suites/signOut.robot

README.md, after:

# Sanber51-Mobile-Automation-Kelompok17
## QUIZ 4 - Mobile Application Testing <a href="#" style="text-decoration:none; outline:none;" title="Flight-Application">Flight Application (NG Digital)</a> Using Robot Framework
<img width="1431" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-01 at 14 38 06" src="https://github.com/AhmadIkhsanMaulana/Sanber51-Mobile-Automation-Kelompok17/assets/65138368/774c5ac7-afd3-45ba-b1be-697f2638542e">

## Nama Anggota Kelompok 17 & Pembagian Tugas <img src='https://media4.giphy.com/media/Z0teL2hgEqefXt5qpZ/giphy.gif?cid=6c09b952ahx6akir89f4j1nc7iu2lf9hscof6kxazb2zzax3&ep=v1_internal_gif_by_id&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s' width="30">
| Nama        | Fitur    |
|-----------------|---------------|
| Alif Andarta| Sign In:<br>1. Failed Login Using Blank Username and Valid Password <br>2. Failed Login Using Valid Username and Blank Password <br>Book: <br>3. Successful Book One Way Flight <br>4. Successful Book One Way And Hotel <br>5. Failed Book One Way Without Select Book Type |
| Ahmad Ikhsan Maulana| Book: <br>1. Failed to Book One Way Without Selecting Start Date and End Date <br>2. Failed to Book One Way Without Selecting Start Date <br>3. Failed to Book One Way Without Selecting End Date <br>4. Successful Book Round Trip Flight <br>5. Successful Book Round Trip Flight And Hotel <br>6. Failed Confirm Booking Without Select Price <br>Search: <br>7. Successfully Search For A Valid Flight Number <br>8. Failed To Search For Invalid Flight Number <br>9. Failed To Search With An Empty Flight Number<br>Sign Out: <br>10. Modified Successfuly Signed Out From Flight Page|
| M. Yoga Sugama (michikhyo)| Tidak ada |
| Nufikha Rizki| Book: <br>1. Failed to Book Round Trip Without Select Book Type <br>2. Failed to Book Round Trip Without Selecting Start Date and End Date <br>3. Failed to Book a Round Trip Without Selecting Start Date <br>4. Failed to Book a Round Trip Without Selecting End Date <br>5. Successful Confirm Booking with Select Price  |
| Rizqi Kartika S| Sign In: <br>1. Successful Login Using a Valid Username and Password <br>2. Failed Login Using an Invalid Username and Password <br>3. Failed Login Using a Valid Username and Invalid Password <br>4. Failed Login Using an Invalid Username and Valid Password <br>5. Failed Login with Both Empty Username and Password <br>Search: <br>6. Successfully Search For A Valid Flight Number <br>7. Failed To Search For Invalid Flight Number <br>8. Failed To Search With An Empty Flight Number <br>Sign Out: <br>9. Successfuly Signed Out From Flight Page| 
<img src="https://www.animatedimages.org/data/media/562/animated-line-image-0184.gif" width="1920" />
<img width="1440" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-05 at 00 13 46" src="https://github.com/AhmadIkhsanMaulana/Sanber51-Mobile-Automation-Kelompok17/assets/65138368/cbe80c73-8357-4dd6-beaa-64ed9d91006d">
<img width="1431" alt="Screenshot Report SignIn" src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1Bx_p65AGGGwcIjn7qiuo_4NyK6eSIPng">
